DIR slot
Distributed
Extension Register
Extension Register
Space
Fast Boot
Flash
File System Area
Fixed Data Window
group
LBA
Logical Erase
Lumped
MBRControl table
MBR Shadowing
Non CPRM Card
Open-drain
payload
pre-boot authentication
push-pull
SD Express Speed
Class
sector
Sequential CQ mode

The AU that is currently designated for Video Speed Class recording
The AUs that have been assigned and not completely written
A number of bytes, basic data transfer unit
To start the program that makes host equipment ready
Set of instructions or software that runs over the host equipment at its
start-up
A specific partition for storing boot code
A command sent to all cards on the SD bus
Block Length set by CMD16
A faster memory in card that may be volatile to store host data
temporarily
A Fast Boot starting by issuing CMD0 with special argument
A Fast Boot starting by driving CMD line Low
Card supporting Video Speed Class has eight slots to register locations
of DIR write to manage average time of FAT update.
A signal path between host and card which has a distributed system
effects. As described in transmission line theory.
Register defined by a Function Specification in Extension Register
Space.
Register Spaces accessible by CMD48/49/58/59 with 17-bit ADDR and
FNO. There are two types of spaces: memory space and I/O space.
A function to obtain boot code faster and earlier. In this document, this
means a procedure to get boot code just after power up by minimal
operations.
A type of multiple time programmable non-volatile memory
The area comprising Partition table, FAT, Bitmap, Directory Entry, etc.
There is an overlapped area of valid data window for all delay variation.
A number of sectors, composite erase and write protect unit
A Logical Block Address identifies a specific sector
Erasing the logical address to physical address mapping
A signal path between host and card which is considerably small
compared to the signal rise time. It is considered as "lumped" system
A table including parameters to control MBR Shadowing
For TCG supported card, a function to be accessible to TCG MBR Table
before pre-boot authentication.
Regular Writeable SD Card (SDSC/SDHC/SDXC/SDUC) that does not
support the CPRM security.
A logical interface operation mode. An external resistor or current
source is used to pull the interface level to HIGH, the internal transistor
pushes it to LOW
Net data
A kind of authentication for accessing the User Area of TCG supported
card properly after power up
A logical interface operation mode, a complementary pair of transistors
is used to push the interface level to HIGH or LOW
Minimum performance defined in the PCIe mode.
A number of blocks, basic erase unit
Command Queue mode where tasks are submitted and executed in
364

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10
Self Maintenance
SGS boundary
SGS unit
Speed Class
Speed Grade
stuff bit
suspended AU
SWS boundary
SWS unit
TCG Table
TCG MBR Table
three-state driver
token
Tuning
User Area Partition
Variable Data Window
Video Speed Class
Voluntary CQ mode

increasing order of task ID from Task 0
A method where internal operations are carried out based on Host’s
enablement
LBA whose address is the multiple of SGS.
The memory area whose starting address is aligned to the SGS
boundary and whose size is same as SGS
Minimum performance defined in Default and High Speed Modes
Minimum performance defined in UHS-I and UHS-II mode
Filling bits to ensure fixed length frames for commands and responses
An AU that has been addressed by a CMD20 “Suspend AU” command
LBA whose address is the multiple of SWS.
The memory area whose starting address is aligned to the SWS
boundary and whose size is same as SWS
Generic term of tables including basic data structures for TCG security
An area storing code to be processed after power cycle, including preboot authentication program. Identical to “MBR Table” defined in the
TCG Storage Architecture Core Specification.
A driver stage which has three output driver states: HIGH, LOW and
high impedance (which means that the interface does not have any
influence on the interface level)
Code word representing a command
Host adjusts sampling clock by Send Tuning Block Command.
A partition including User Area
An overlapped area of valid data window is not available or too small
for all Process, Voltage and Temperature variations.
Minimum performance independently defined from Speed Class and
Speed Grade
Command Queue mode where tasks are submitted in arbitrary order
and executed based on ready state indicated by card

B.2 Abbreviations
ACMD6
ACMD41
AU
CDM
CID
CLK
CMD
CRC
CSD
CMD0
CMD8
CMD6
CMD11
CMD19
CMP
COP
CQ
DAT or DAT[3:0]
DDR
DDR50
DS

Set bus width command
Initialization command
Allocation Unit
Charged Device Model
Card IDentification number register
clock signal
command line or SD bus command (if extended CMDXX)
Cyclic Redundancy Check
Card Specific Data register
Reset command
Voltage check command
Switch command used for selecting one of UHS-I modes
Voltage switch command to change signaling level 3.3V to 1.8V.
A new command for sending tuning block
Completion defined in the NVMe specification
Card Ownership Protection
Command Queue
4-bit data line of SD bus
Double data rate signaling
One of UHS modes with double data rate. Up to 50MB/sec at 50MHz
Default Speed Mode
365

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10
DSM
DSR
ECC
eSD
ESL
ESR
FD156
FD312
FD624
FEP
G3L1
G3L2
G4L1
G4L2
HD312
Host-SDR-FD
Host-SDR-VD
Host-DDR
HS
IF-RECV
IF-SEND
IOPS
ICDS
LID
LOW, HIGH
LV50
LV104
LV156
LV624
MDTS
MLCC
MNTMT
MP
MSB, LSB
MLCC
MTP
MXTMT
NCQ
NERASE
TERASE
TOFFSET
NLB
NR
NSQ
NSAC

Dataset Management defined in the NVMe specification
Driver Stage Register
Error Correction Code
Embedded SD Memory Device defined by Part 1 eSD Addendum
Equivalent Series Inductance
Equivalent Series Resistance
UHS-II Full Duplex mode with data transfer rate up to 156MB/s
UHS-II Full Duplex mode with data transfer rate up to 312MB/s
UHS-II Full Duplex mode with data transfer rate up to 624MB/s
Force Erase Password
One of SD Express Card Types supporting up to Gen3 and 1 lane
One of SD Express Card Types supporting up to Gen3 and 2 lanes
One of SD Express Card Types supporting up to Gen4 and 1 lane
One of SD Express Card Types supporting up to Gen4 and 2 lanes
UHS-II Half Duplex with 2 Lanes mode with data transfer rate up to 312MB/s
One of host types with SDR signaling, fixed-delay (can't use tuning)
One of host types with SDR signaling, variable-delay (can use tuning)
One of host types with DDR signaling
High Speed Mode
An interface command to transmit data from card to host over security protocol
An interface command to transmit data from host to card over security protocol
Input/Output Operations Per Second
Identifier Controller Data Structure defined in the NVMe specification
Log Page IDentifier defined in the NVMe specification
Binary interface states with defined assignment to a voltage level
One of LV card classification type that supports single data rate up to 50MB/sec
at 100MHz
One of LV card classification type that supports single data rate up to
104MB/sec at 208MHz
One of LV card classification type that supports UHS-II Full Duplex mode with
data transfer rate up to 156MB/s. May support Half Duplex mode with data
transfer rate up to 312MB/s.
One of LV card classification type that supports UHS-II Full Duplex mode with
data transfer rate up to 624MB/s. May support Half Duplex mode with data
transfer rate up to 312MB/s.
Maximum Data Transfer Size defined in the NVMe specification
Multi-Layer Ceramic Capacitor
Minimum Thermal Management Temperature defined in the NVMe specification
Maximum Power defined in the NVMe specification
The Most Significant Bit or Least Significant Bit
Multi-Layer Ceramic Capacitor
Multiple Time Programmable memory
Maximum Thermal Management Temperature defined in the NVMe
specification
I/O Completion Queue defined in the NVMe specification
The recommended numbers of AUs to be erased in one erase operation.
Timeout value used for erasing multiple AU's as specified by ERASE_SIZE.
Offset time used for calculating erase timeout.
Number of Logical Blocks defined in the NVMe specification
Number of Ranges defined in the NVMe specification
I/O Submission Queue defined in the NVMe specification
Defines the worst case for the clock rate dependent factor of the data access
time
366

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10
OCR
OSCSC
OSID-SC
OSID-SC DS
OTP
Pw
Pm
Pr
PDN
PRw
PRr
PS
PSD
PSSw
RCA
ROM
RPMB
RU
SCPS
SCTMT1
SCTMT2
SDCLK
SGS
S18R
S18A
SID
SIIS
SLBA
SPI
SPL
SRC
SU
SUS_ADDR
SWC
SWS
TAAC
tag
TBD
TCG
Tfw
Tfr
TMT1
TMT2
tODLY
UHS
UI
SD Bus I/F
SD Express
SDR
SDR12
SDR25
SDR50
SDR104

Operation Conditions Register
Open SID Count for Speed Class
Open SID for Speed Class
Open SID for Speed Class Data Structure
One Time Programmable memory
Performance of Write
Performance of Move
Performance of Read
Power Delivery Network
Performance of Random Write
Performance of Random Read
Power State defined in the NVMe specification
Power State Descriptor defined in the NVMe specification
Performance of Sustained Sequential Write
Relative Card Address register
Read Only Memory
Replay Protected Memory Block
Recording Unit
Speed Class Power State
Speed Class TMT1
Speed Class TMT2
Clock line of SD bus
Stream Granularity Size defined in the NVMe specification
Switching to 1.8V Request in ACMD41 argument
Switching to 1.8V Accepted in ACMD41 response
Stream IDentifier
Storage Interface Interactions Specification
Starting LBA defined in the NVMe specification
Serial Peripheral Interface
Slot Power Limit defined in the PCIe and NVMe specification
Stream Read Command
Sub Unit
SUSpension ADDRess
Stream Write Command
Stream Write Size defined in the NVMe specification
Defines the time dependent factor of the data access time
Marker used to select groups or sector to erase
To Be Determined (in the future)
Trusted Computing Group
FAT write time
FAT read time
Thermal Management Temperature 1 defined in the NVMe specification
Thermal Management Temperature 2 defined in the NVMe specification
Output Delay from SDCLK under all delay parameters condition.
Ultra High Speed
Unit Interval is one bit nominal time, SDCLK nominal period.
Interface using contact pin numbers 1 to 9.
SD Card that includes PCIe/NVMe interface
Single data rate signaling
One of UHS-I modes with single data rate. Up to 12.5MB/sec at 25MHz
One of UHS-I modes with single data rate. Up to 25MB/sec at 50MHz
One of UHS-I modes with single data rate. Up to 50MB/sec at 100MHz
One of UHS-I modes with single data rate. Up to 104MB/sec at 208MHz
367

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10
UHS50
UHS104
UHS156
UHS624
UHS-II I/F
UUID
VCA
VHS
VDD
VDD1
VDD2
VDD3
VSC
VSS
VWC
WCTEMP
X5R/X7R

One of UHS-I Card Types supporting SDR50
One of UHS-I Card Types supporting SDR104
UHS-II Generation 1 Card Type supporting FD156 and HD312 (Optional)
UHS-II Generation 2 Card Type supporting FD624
Interface using contact pin numbers 7 to 8 and 10 to 17.
Universally Unique IDentifier
Card accepted voltage range
Host supplied voltage range
+ power supply of non UHS-II Card
3.3V range power supply for UHS-II Card and SD Express Card
1.8V range power supply for UHS-II Card and SD Express Card
1.2V range power supply for SD Express Card (Second row)
Video Speed Class
Power supply ground
Volatile Write Cache defined in the NVMe specification
Warning Composite TEMPerature threshold defined in the NVMe specification
Symbol for dielectric material of capacitors

368

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10

Appendix C (Informative) :
Examples for Fixed Delay UHS-I Host Design
This section is a blank in the Simplified Specification

C.1 Internal Clock Delay Method (Removed in the Simplified
Specification)
Figure C-1 : Delayed Internal Clock Method (Removed in the Simplified Specification)

C.1.1 Creation of Loopback Clock (Removed in the Simplified
Specification)
Figure C-2 : Loopback Clock Method (Removed in the Simplified Specification)

369

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10

Appendix D : UHS-I Tuning Procedure
This section is a blank in the Simplified Specification

D.1 UHS-I Tuning Procedure (Removed in the Simplified
Specification)

370

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10

Appendix E :
Host Power Delivery Network (PDN) Design Guide
This section is a blank in the Simplified Specification

E.1 Supporting Hot Insertion (Removed in the Simplified
Specification)
Figure E-1 : Capacitance Connected to Power Line (Removed in the Simplified Specification)
Table E-1 : Example of Chi1 and Chi2 values (Removed in the Simplified Specification)

E.2 Decoupling Capacitors (Removed in the Simplified
Specification)
Figure E-2 : Recommended power delivery (Removed in the Simplified Specification)

E.3 UHS-II Host Decoupling Capacitors (Removed in the
Simplified Specification)
Figure E-3 : General UHS-II Host Decoupling Capacitors (Removed in the Simplified
Specification)
Table E-2 : Example of decoupling configuration for UHS-II Host (Removed in the Simplified
Specification)

371

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10

Appendix F :
Application Notes of Extension Function
F.1 Identification of Function Driver
There are two types of function drivers. "Standard Driver" controls a Standard Function, which will be
defined by a Function Specification and it will be provided by OS or Host System vendor. "Particular
Driver" controls a Particular Function and it will be provided by the function developer.
During a function initialization, Host Driver finds and loads a most suitable function driver installed on
Host System referring to 4 codes in the General Information.
SFC (Standard Function Code)
2 byte
FCC (Function Capability Code)
2 byte
FMC (Function Manufacturer Code) 2 byte
PFC (Particular Function Code)
2 byte
Standard Driver is selected by SFC and FCC. SFC>0 and FCC=0 means that there is a unique function
driver for a SFC and Host Driver finds the driver by only SFC. SFC>0 and FCC>0 means that there are
multiple of function drivers to a SFC. These Card Drivers will be installed to Host System with "Capability
Information" which corresponds to FCC. Host Driver selects one driver of which Capability Information
accords with FCC. SFC=0 means that there is no Standard Driver and then Host Driver finds a Particular
Driver which accords with FMC and PFC.
Table F-1 shows combination of the codes to identify a function driver. If SFC>0, FMC>0 and PFC>0, the
function may use Standard Driver and Particular Driver depends on driver installation to Host System.
Use of Particular Driver is higher priority for supporting higher functionality than use of Standard Driver
SFC
Non-zero
Non-zero
0000h
Non-zero

FCC
0000h
Non-zero
0000h
any value

FMC
0000h
0000h
Non-zero
Non-zero

PFC
0000h
0000h
Non-zero
Non-zero

Selection of Function Driver
Select a Standard Driver by only SFC
Host selects one of Drivers by FCC
Select Particular Function Driver by FMC and PFC
Select either Particular or Standard Function Driver
Particular Driver has higher priority

Table F-1 : Combination of Codes to Identify a Function Driver

372

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10

F.2 Concept of Event Detection Method
To use Event Indication Method is defined in Section 5.7.5, host support is required for event detection
and function driver management. Host Controller or Host Driver detects FX_EVENT generation and then
interrupt hander calls a Function Driver to deal with the event.

F.2.1 Role of Driver Modules
Figure F-1 shows an example configuration of hardware and drivers layers. Some of functions may
generate events.
Host Device

Memory
Memory
Application
Memory
Application
Application
File System
Memory Driver

Function
Function
Application
Function
Application
Application

Function
Function
Application
Function
Application
Application

Function
Driver

Function
Function
Application
Function
Application
Application

Function
Driver

Function
Driver

Function Extension General Driver

Host Controller and Host Driver
SD Card
Extension Register
Function
Function
Function

General Info.
FXE
Event Function Number Register

Figure F - 1 :
Figure F-1 : Hardware and Driver Layer of Host and Card
 Host Controller and Host Driver
Host Controller is an interface device between Host System (System Memory) and SD Card that is
connected to system bus. Host Driver is software for controlling the Host Controller. Host Driver
manages to issue SD Commands to SD Card according to requests from Memory Driver and Function
Drivers by accessing Host Controller Registers. Host Controller has capability to generate interrupt to
host CPU according to the response of the SD Card. FX_EVENT on R1 is one of interrupt events by
Function Devices. On detecting FX_EVENT, Host Driver gets "Function Extesion General Driver" to
deal with the event.
 Memory Driver
SD Memory Card Driver to manage memory access to or from SD Memory Card. Indication of
FX_EVENT is not supported by this driver.
 Function Driver
This driver knows how to control a function and generates commands sequece to control Extesion
Registers according to requests of application. This driver knows how to deal with the evets of the
function. Funciton Driver will be provided by card vendor.
373

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10
 Function Extesion General Driver (FEGD)
During SD Card initialization, this driver finds and loads a Function Driver installed on Host System for
controlling a function which is supported by the SD Card. This driver manages communication between
multiple of Function Drivers and Host Driver. On detecting FX_EVENT informed by Host Driver, this
driver reads FXE Register Set and determines which Function Driver to deal with the event.

F.2.2 Host Implementation to use Event Detection Method
 Card Initialization
When Host Controller detects SD Card, Host Driver will initialize memory portion at first. By detecting
Extension Function support on the card, Host Driver tries to find and load Function Drivers installed in
the Host System by referring to the General Information. If a Function Driver can be loaded, it is
connected to "Function Extension General Driver", which can communicate multiple of function drivers.
Host Driver is connected to the "Function Extension General Driver". Standard Driver Interface is
assumed to communicate between two driver layers.
 Event Detection
While Host Controller issues SD Commands to the card, host may check event generation by R1
response of any command without issuing extra-commands for polling. While there is no command to
be issued to the card, Host Driver inserts CMD13 for polling events at some interval.
By reading FXE Register Set, Function Extension General Driver determines priority of event handling
and get a Function Driver to deal with the event.

374

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10

Appendix G : Application Notes for
Application Performance Class Hosts
G.1 Check for Application Performance Class support
For cases that hosts care about random performance, it is recommended for host to check for their desired
Application Performance Class as following:
1. Check what is the Application Performance Class type of card. If it is matching the class required by
the host, the card may be approved.
2. In case Application Performance Class is not indicated, the host may perform internal benchmark test
and check for the absolute execution time to qualify the card. If it is matching or better than the
execution time expected from the corresponding Application Performance Class expected by the host,
the card may be approved.
In Android devices that performs card adoption process and the Application Performance Class test is not
adopted yet by core Android, it would be highly recommended to add the above two steps before the
legacy Android benchmark test process.
The given test method may serve hosts as a simple way for host to filter cards in the field, however Cards
that declares Application Performance Class support shall meet the SD standard specification for
Application Performance Class conditions as defined in Section 4.16.

375

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10

Appendix H (Informative) : Application Notes related to SD
Express cards
This section is a blank in the Simplified Specification

H.1 SD Express I/Os Characteristics (Removed in the Simplified
Specification)
Figure H-1 : Characteristics of SD Express card’s side band signals IOs (Removed in the
Simplified Specification)

376

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10

Appendix I (Informative) : Supply Voltage(s) Generation
This section is a blank in the Simplified Specification

I.1 Supply Voltage(s) Generation (Removed in the Simplified
Specification)
Figure I-1 : Voltage Drop by PCB Trace and Socket (Removed in the Simplified Specification)

377

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10

Appendix J (Informative) : Pad 19 Existence Detection
This section is a blank in the Simplified Specification

J.1 Example 1 (Removed in the Simplified Specification)
Figure J-1 : Implementation Example of Detecting Pad 19 (1) (Removed in the Simplified
Specification)

J.2 Example 2 (Removed in the Simplified Specification)
Figure J-2 : Implementation Example of Detecting Pad 19 (2) (Removed in the Simplified
Specification)

J.3 Example 3 (Removed in the Simplified Specification)
Figure J-3 : Implementation Example of Detecting Pad 19 (3) (Removed in the Simplified
Specification)

378

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10

Appendix K (Informative) : Initialization Sequence Related
to Boot Functions, TCG Security and RPMB
In Physical Layer Specification Version 9.00, Boot Functionalities, TCG security and RPMB are introduced.
This Appendix shows sample initialization sequences for host to use these functions over SD interface.

K.1 Sample Sequence 1
Figure K-1 shows a sample initialization sequence when host updates a boot code for TCG enabled card
without Fast Boot.
Power on
Execute card
identification in Section
4.2.2 and issue CMD7

Select User Area
Partition by CMD39

Select bus mode
by (ACMD6 and) CMD6

Identify security features
by ACMD51

Read “Active Boot
Partition” by CMD48

Read MBRControl Table
by ACMD53

Switch to the Active Boot
Partition by CMD39

“MBRControl Enable” = 1
AND
“MBRControl Done” = 0?

Read a boot code by
CMD18

No

Yes

Switch to the target Boot
Partition to be updated
by CMD39

Read pre-boot
authentication program
from TCG MBR Table by
CMD18

Unlock the target Boot
Partition by ACMD53/54

Perform pre-boot
authentication

Update a boot code by
CMD25

Update “MBRControl
Done” to 1 by ACMD54

Update “Active Boot
Partition” by CMD49

Read or write
from/to User Area

Lock the target Boot
Partition by ACMD53/54

Figure K-1 : Sample Initialization Sequence for Updating a Boot Code and Accessing TCG
Enabled Card

379

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10

K.2 Sample Sequence 2
Figure K-2 shows a sample initialization sequence when host starts up TCG enabled card with Fast Boot.
Power on

Execute Fast Boot in
Section 4.21.3

Identify security features
by ACMD51

Execute card
identification in Section
4.2.2 and issue CMD7

Read MBRControl Table
by ACMD53

Select bus mode
by (ACMD6 and) CMD6

“MBRControl Enable” = 1
AND
“MBRControl Done” = 0?

No

Yes
Read pre-boot
authentication program
from TCG MBR Table by
CMD18
Perform pre-boot
authentication

Update “MBRControl
Done” to 1 by ACMD54

Read or write
from/to User Area

Figure K-2 : Sample Initialization Sequence to for Starting Up TCG Enabled Card with Fast Boot

380

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10

Appendix L : Simplified Mechanical Drawings
These Simplified Mechanical Dimensions are not described in the original Physical Layer Specification. They
are created out of the Mechanical Addenda.

L.1 Standard Size SD Card Simplified Dimensions

Figure L-1 : Standard Size SD Card Simplified Dimensions

Figure L-2 : Standard Size SD UHS-II and SD Express G3L1 (Gen3 1 lane) Card Simplified Pads
side (same dimensions as standard SD Card)

381

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10

Figure L-3 : Standard SD Express G4L1 (Gen 4 1 lane) Card simplified view of pads side

Figure L-4 : Standard SD Express G3L2 (Gen3 2 lanes) or G4L2 (Gen 4 2 lanes) Card simplified
view of pads side

382

©Copyright 2001-2023 KIOXIA, Panasonic Connect, SanDisk and SD Card Association
Physical Layer Simplified Specification Version 9.10

L.2 microSD Card Simplified Dimensions

Figure L-5 : microSD Card Simplified Dimensions

Figure L-6 : microSD Card Simplified Dimensions Pads side

The Last Page

383

